[Music]
and Elijah the Prophet called one of the
sons of the prophets get yourself ready
take this flask of oil in your hand and
go to ramoth-gilead now when you arrived
at that place look there for G Hugh the
son of Jehoshaphat the son of nimshi and
go in and make him rise up from among
his associates and take him to an inner
room then take the flask of oil and pour
it on his head and say thus says the
Lord I have anointed you king over
Israel then opened the door and flee and
do not delay so the young man the
servant of the prophet went to
ramoth-gilead
and when he arrived there were the
captains of the armies sitting and he
said I have a message for you commander
G Hugh said for which one of us for you
commander
then he arose and went into the house
and he poured the oil on his head and
said to him thus says the Lord God of
Israel
I have anointed you king over the people
of the Lord over Israel you shall strike
down the house of Ahab your master that
I may avenge the blood of my servants
the prophets and the blood of all the
servants of the Lord at the hand of
Jezebel for the whole house of Ahab
Shall Perish and I will cut off from
Ahab all the males in Israel both bond
and free so I will make the house of
Ahab like the house of Jeroboam the son
of Nebat and like the house of baisha
the son of a Hydra the dogs shall eat
Jezebel on the plot of ground at Jezreel
and there shall be none to bury
and he opened the door and fled then G
hue came out to the servants of his
master and one said to him is all well
why did this madman come to you you know
the man in his babble a lie
tell us now thus and thus he spoke to me
saying thus says the Lord I have
anointed you king over Israel then each
man hastened to take his garment and put
it under him on the top of the steps and
they bloom trumpets so G hew the son of
Jehoshaphat the son of nimshi
conspired against Joel now Jordan had
been defending ramoth-gilead
he and all Israel against has a king of
City but King Jordan had returned to
Jezreel to recover from the wounds which
the Syrians had inflicted on him when he
fought with has Al king of Syria and G
who said if you are so minded let no one
leave or escape from the city to go and
tell it in Jezreel so G hew rode in a
chariot and went to Jezreel for joram
was laid up there and a Hazara king of
Judah had come down to see Jorah now a
watchman stood on the tower in Jezreel
and he saw the company of G hew as he
came and said I see a company of men and
joram said get a horseman and send him
to meet them and let him say is it peace
so perforce Minh went to meet him and
said thus says the king is it peace and
gee who said what have you to do with
peace turn around and follow me
[Applause]
so the watchman reported the messenger
went to them but is not coming back then
he sent out a second Horseman who came
to them thus says the king is at peace
and Ji Hyun said what have you to do
with peace turn around and follow me
[Music]
so the watchman reported he went up to
them and is not coming back
and the driving is like the driving of
ji hue the son of nimshi for he drives
furiously then Joe Tom said make ready
and his child was made ready and Rodan
king of Israel
anna hazare king of judah went out each
in his chariot and they went out to meet
ji hoo and met him on the property of
neighbours the jezreelite how it
happened when joe room saw ji hue but he
said is it peace gu what peace as long
as the harlotries of your mother Jezebel
and her witchcraft are so many then Joe
Tom turned around and fled and set to a
huzzah treachery a desire now ji Hugh
drew his bow with full strength and shot
G Holum between his arms the arrow came
out at his hunt and his sank down in his
chair then jishu said to bitkha his
captain pick him up and throw him into
the tract of the field of neighbours the
jezreelite for remember when you and I
were riding together behind a half his
father that the Lord laid this burden
upon him surely I saw yesterday the
blood of namath and the blood of his
sons says the Lord and I will repay you
in this plot says the Lord
now therefore take and throw him on the
plot of ground according to the word of
the Lord
but when a huzzah king of Judah saw this
he fled by the road to Beth Hagin so she
who pursued him shoot him also in the
chariot and they shot at the ascent of
God which is by idiot then he fled to
Megiddo and died there and his servants
carried him in the chariot to Jerusalem
and buried him in his tomb with his
father's in the City of David in the
11th year of joram the son of Ahab a
huzzah had become king of the Judah
now when G Hugh had come to Jezreel
Jezebel heard of it and she put paint on
her eyes and adorned her head and looked
through a window then as G Hugh entered
at the gate she said is it peace is my
murderer of your master and he looked up
at the window who is on my side oh so
two or three eunuchs looked out at him
then he said throw her down they threw
her down and some of her blood spattered
on the wall and on the horses and he
trampled her underfoot
when he had gone in he ate and drank
then he said go now see to this Ackerson
woman and bury her for she was a king's
daughter so they went to bury her but
they found no more of her than the Scout
and the feet and the palms of that hands
therefore they came back and told him
this is the word of the Lord which he
spoke by his servant Elijah the Tishbite
saying on the plot of ground at Jezreel
dogs shall eat the flesh of Jezebel and
the corpse of Jezebel shall be as refuse
on the surface of the field in the plot
at Jezreel so that they shall not say
here lies Jezebel
[Music]